[Autogenerated] So let us change that.
For that, we can just go up.
One level in the installed jar is here.
Here we can see that we only have Ah one J.
D.
K.
Let us Adah adjudicate eight Next click directory here the Java J Decay
and choose a Jessica eight here Eclipses happy because it found all the
necessary filer for the JK Click finish on.
Now I have installed both energetic a nine and
energetic eight lettuce Click a Bleier, go back to the execution environment.
And now if I check the Java SC 18 here,
Eclipse will tell me that it knows Energetica eight with a perfect
match for this So I can just select these dedicate and select here
the Jedi canine for Java issue night.
I can do that for all the versions of Java up to Java to let us apply in closer.
And we can now choose agenda a C eight using the J.
D.
K that we just declared.
We could also use alternate gyre he here and choose directly one of the J.
D.
K.
We have declared a and from this button here we have access directly to
the installed diary that we just saw a minute ago.
That is Cancel that and keep this J d.
K selector to conduct our development using Java eight.
Now we have a Java age project,
but we are not quite down because at this level we can see that we
still have the module path and a class path.
And this is a job a nine feature.
We do not want it in a Java eight development.
To change that,
we need to visit the Java compiler option here that has applied the changer,
which is data.
And from there we can set.
How eclipses going to compile our projects.
And we can see on this warning Messager that we are trying to compile a
Java nine project using a Jedi G eight installation,
which is of course not compatible.
So let us select here, wondered eight To get rid of this warning message,
let us click.
Apply in closer Eclipse is asking for full rebuild since we change
the version of the compiler which is normal.
And now we have a Java eight project.
By the way, if I check again ah,
the properties of this project and change the bill path that is used.
You can see that we do not have this module path and class path here anymore, whether in the libraries there or in the project pain.